what's up everyone this week we are
celebrating
three million subscribers on youtube
and so to thank you we have a highly
requested lesson today
and we are going to be learning english
with this
book
we'll be learning with harry potter the
philosopher's stone the first book in
the series by jk rowling
and in the first part of today's lesson
i'm going to be reading a few of the
pages
and then in the second part i'm going to
teach you the trickiest pieces of
vocabulary
so i recommend you grab yourself a cup
of tea
coffee or hot chocolate whatever it is
you fancy and you join me in this very
special lesson
by the way if you want to understand
fast english without getting lost
without missing the jokes
and without subtitles then make sure you
hit that subscribe button and the bell
down below so that you don't miss
any of our new lessons just like this
fan who says that our channel is amazing
and the best english teaching channel
out there
now if you'd like to read along with me
i'm going to be reading
chapter 6 from page 111.
the countryside now flying past the
window was becoming
wilder the neat fields had gone
now there were woods twisting rivers and
dark green hills
there was a knock on the door of the
compartment and the round-faced boy
harry had passed on platform nine and
three quarters
came in he looked tearful
sorry he said but have you seen a toad
at all
when they shook their heads he wailed
i've lost him he keeps getting away from
me
he'll turn up said harry yes said the
boy miserably
well if you see him he left
don't know why he's so bothered said ron
if i'd brought a toad
i'd lose it as quick as i could mind you
i brought scabbers so i can't talk
the rat was still snoozing on ron's lap
he might have died and you wouldn't know
the difference said ron
in disgust i tried to turn him yellow
yesterday to make him look more
interesting
but the spell didn't work i'll show you
look
he rummaged around in his trunk and
pulled out a very battered looking wand
it was chipped in places and something
white was glinting at the end
unicorn hairs nearly poking out anyway
he had just raised his wand when the
compartment door slid
open again the toadless boy was back
but this time he had a girl with him she
was already wearing her new hogwarts
robes
has anyone seen a toad neville's lost
one
she said she had a bossy sort of voice
lots of bushy brown hair and rather
large front teeth
we've already told him we haven't seen
it said ron
but the girl wasn't listening she was
looking at the wand in his hand
oh are you doing magic let's see it then
she sat down ron looked taken aback
uh all right he cleared his throat
sunshine daisies butter mellow turned
this stupid fat rat
yellow he waved his wand but nothing
happened
scabbers stayed gray and fast asleep
are you sure that's a real spell said
the girl
well it's not very good is it i've tried
a few simple spells just for practice
and it's all worked for me
nobody in my family's magic at all it
was ever such a surprise when i got my
letter
but i was ever so pleased of course i
mean it's the very best school of
witchcraft there is i've heard
i've learned all our set of books off by
heart of course
i just hope it will be enough i'm
hermione granger by the way
who are you she said all this very fast
harry looked at ron and was relieved to
see by his stunned face that he hadn't
learnt all the set of books off by heart
either
i'm ron weasley ron muttered harry
potter
said harry are you really said hermione
i know all about you of course i got a
few extra books for background reading
and you're in modern magical history and
the rise and fall of the dark arts
and great wizarding events of the 20th
century
am i said harry feeling dazed
goodness didn't you know i'd have found
out everything i could if it was me
said hermione do either of you know what
house you'll be in
i've been asking around and i hope i'm
in gryffindor it sounds by far the best
i hear dumbledore himself was one but i
suppose ravenclaw wouldn't be too bad
anyway we'd better go and look for
neville's toad you two had better change
you know
i expect we'll be there soon and she
left
taking the toadless boy with her
whatever house i'm in
i hope she's not in it said ron
[Music]
okay so now we're going to take a look
at some of the tricky vocabulary in this
passage
sorry he said but have you seen a toad
at all
a toad is a small brown animal that's
similar to a frog
as you might know students at hogwarts
are allowed to bring an owl a cat
or a toad when they shook their heads
he wailed i've lost him he keeps getting
away from me
he'll turn up said harry to whale is to
complain loudly or in a strong way
this phrasal verb can be used in
different situations as it can have
different meanings
its meaning here is to appear or become
visible
harry is telling neville not to worry
because he may still find the toad
the rat was still snoozing on ron's lap
when you snooze you take a nap during
the day
ron's rat was still sleeping on his
thighs
that is on his lap so on the top of your
thighs this area here is called your lap
he might have died and you wouldn't know
the difference said ron
in disgust disgust is a strong feeling
of dislike
by this sentence here we know that ron
doesn't really like his rat
he rummaged around in his trunk and
pulled out a very battered looking wand
it was chipped in places and something
white was glinting at the end
if you rummage you are searching for
something by moving things around
here ron is rummaging or searching
through his luggage so that he can find
his wand
the writer describes his wand as
battered looking
do you know what that means if something
is battered it means that he has been
damaged from lots of use
jk rowling also says that his wand was
broken
and also that there was something white
glinting at the end
if something is glinting it means that
it is giving out
small flashes of light for a magic wand
this doesn't seem
very safe for example it could be like
an electric
cable sparking so here at learn english
with tv series we are celebrating 3
million subscribers thanks to you we
have been able to help
many more people learn english all
around the world
so to say thank you you can get a 51
discount of our fluent with friends
course just for the next few days
just imagine this time next year you
could be having a meaningful
conversation
you could be moving to another country
you could even get a promotion
at work and you can be watching your
favorite tv series and movies
laughing at all the jokes the
possibilities are endless when you put
your mind to it
and our fluent with friends course can
really help you on your journey
just like jenny who says that with each
passing day she now realizes that she's
learned
new words or phrases that she can put
into practice
and that english can be fun and
enjoyable
so what are you waiting for to learn
more you can click up here or down in
the description box below
and to get your 51 discount all you have
to do is use
3 million at checkout he had just raised
his wand when the compartment door slid
open again the toadless boy was back
but this time he had a girl with him she
was already wearing her new hogwarts
robes
earlier i explained what a toad is now
rowling is referring to neville
as a toadless boy meaning the boy
without a toad
this time he was with hermione who was
already wearing hogwarts
robes that is the kind of uniform that
the children that go to hogwarts wear
has anyone seen a toad neville's lost
one
she said she had a bossy sort of voice
lots of bushy brown hair and rather
large front teeth
someone who is bossy tends to give
orders to people around them
although hermione here is not giving
orders
he describes her voice as bossy sounding
so hear what the writer is doing is
trying to give us some insight into
hermione's character
oh are you doing magic let's see it then
she sat down ron looked taken aback
uh all right he cleared his throat
sunshine daisies butter mellow turn this
stupid fat
rat yellow if you clear your throat
you cough slightly so that you can speak
more clearly
[Music]
nobody in my family's magic at all it
was ever such a surprise when i got my
letter
but i was ever so pleased of course i
mean it's the very best school of
witchcraft there is
i've heard i've learned all our set of
books off by heart of course
i just hope it will be enough i'm
hermione granger by the way
who are you pleased is another way of
saying that you are happy or satisfied
if you learn something by heart it means
that you remember it so well that you
don't need to read it
in order to repeat it by this phrase we
learned that hermione
loves to study because she has already
learnt all the books from memory
harry looked at ron and was relieved to
see by his stunned face that he hadn't
learnt all the set of books off by heart
either
stunned means very shocked or surprised
ron and harry both feel this way here
because they haven't really done
much reading before school starts
i'm ron weasley ron muttered harry
potter
said harry if you mutter you speak
quietly
and in a low voice so that people can't
really understand you
i know all about you of course i got a
few extra books for background reading
and you're in modern magical history and
the rise and fall of the dark hearts
and great wizarding events of the 20th
century
am i said harry feeling dazed
if you feel dazed you feel very confused
and unable to think clearly
harry here was not expecting to be named
in so many books
fabulous work today guys i hope you
enjoyed this highly requested lesson
and very special one too so if you're
ready to take your english to the next
level and start understanding your
favorite tv series
and movies then i highly recommend you
take advantage
and check out our fluent with friends
course for that huge
discount of 51 percent off
all you have to do is use the code three
million at checkout
and you can click up here or down in the
description box below
to check that out and sign up now
but do remember you only have a few more
days to
take advantage of this huge discount an
amazing offer
so now it's time to go beyond the
classroom and
live your english ah yeah
morning everyone
good morning everyone welcome to
greenhouse three second years now gather
round everyone
today we're going to re-pop mandrakes
who here
can tell me the properties of the
mandrake route
yes miss granger mandrake
or mandagora is used to return those
who've been petrified
to their original state